As an actor, I have many opportunities to post on social media.
I have recently had some trouble with music
when posting on YouTube.
At that time, I had to give up and say, “Why didn’t it work?
But this time, I learned that I could use it
if I got permission from the creator.
Another thing that I thought would probably be wrong
was that there is no copyright on the style.
I learned a little more about it,
so I wondered if it would be useful for me.
Similarity, access, and copyright are three words
that came up this time.
I’ll keep them in mind as I continue to produce
voice samples, etc.,
and be careful about handling
what I record and upload in the future.
I thought I should be more careful because I often upload photos to social media.
It is possible now to take photos and upload them immediately.
Even among friends, apps that allow you to quickly take a photo and upload it immediately are very popular.
I feel we need to be more careful because this ease and simplicity have become second nature to us.
I think it’s about the copyrights for the videos and music
in this shoot.
As for the incidental copyrighted work,
I wonder if I will probably use it in the future,
or if I need to study it.
In addition to this kind of video work,
I also do event-related work such as
theater and stage productions,
so I transmit a lot of information on social media
as an organizer at such times,
and what everyone transmits is becoming increasingly
sophisticated.
I felt a bit scared
when I realized that there were things in the past
that I should have been aware of
when sending out videos and flyers.
I wasn’t familiar with the term “Creative Commons license.”
Although I had heard of it,
I did not even know it was copyright-related.
I’m worried that not many people know about
Creative Commons licenses,
and even if they do, there are many types of licenses,
such as CC BY, so I am unsure if they know enough.
Most of them probably haven’t been taught about
CC BY in detail.
I’m worried that many people don’t pay attention
or are unaware of it when they see it.
Rather than being a cause for concern,
I would say it is a good thing.
We hope that it will be a good opportunity or start for people who have heard of copyright
but do not know what it is exactly to learn about it.
I think it is a really amazing project and wonderful piece of work.
I don’t have much to worry about, but I thought it would be easier for students to study if they could change the videos themselves.
No, I think when I first saw it myself,
I found it incredibly useful because it includes actual usage,
so I can see how copyright is used,
so it is not just learning about it.
I want everyone to watch the videos more and more.
I think it’s an excellent project that is available to the public.
I personally think it is essential and something to be thankful for.
Somehow, in the things I have done up until now,
I realized that there are so many things around us that we need to take a step beyond what has been considered common sense.
I really appreciate this opportunity to be able to properly organize
and recognize these things.
Not really. I have never been told that this work is copyrighted or that everyone should be careful about what is put on the internet.
I have never felt that it was that close to me,
so I just thought “Oh, I see.”
However, in this day and age, there are times
when you infringe copyrights,
and there are times when your copyrights are infringed upon,
so I think it is necessary to know about copyright for yourself.
I have heard very little about this kind of thing around me at the moment.
Still, with the rapid development of AI in this day and age, people are saying that AI will replace many professions.
No matter how much AI tries to mimic human voices, machines cannot imitate their acting performances.
After all, AI is not a machine that expresses itself. Of course, it may be able to think, but I believe it will not be able to express itself.
So, of course, we will do our best not to lose to the voice of that voice actor, the voice of that person whom we respect, and the voice of that famous person, provided by AI.
My honest thoughts are “Can we lose to a machine?”
When I create an account on social media, the first step is to decide on an icon like a profile picture.
Suppose the person who uploaded the image has written a statement in their profile.
In that case, it says that the image can be used freely,
but I wonder what I should do if the person has not written a statement.
I didn’t use it myself, but some people did, and it became a bit of a problem, or rather, something was written about it.
I think many people look up things at random, such as images, and then say, “I like this. Let’s use this,” and then use it right away.
That’s right. I think that social media is very popular nowadays,
and it used to be said that LINE, Twitter, and so on were in the top three most popular forms of social media.
Now, we also have YouTube.
With this background, I think that if there were educational materials that familiarized people with copyright
it would be easier for people to understand copyright.
I probably have no idea how important people think copyright is these days.
Honestly, when I think about what copyright is for social media, I don’t understand it.
That’s why I want educational materials on copyrights related to such social media.
Even though I am careful not to infringe copyrights, there are times when I use other people’s photos or images created by others without permission,
so I think it would be good to have educational materials related to such use.
I have to admit that I have not thought much about limiting the use of copyrighted work up until now
because I want it to spread, and I want it to continue to spread.
However, if everyone thinks this way, problems may occur if the use of copyrighted works spreads too far.
In this sense, I felt that it is essential for the creators of copyrighted works to have this kind of knowledge.